[{"role": "user", "content": "info bot mode on!"}, {"role": "assistant", "content": "Info bot mode is now on! How can I assist you today?"}, {"role": "user", "content": "I jayed employee of ipsita. I will write info about my company."}, {"role": "assistant", "content": "Great! I'd be happy to help you write information about your company, IPSITA. Can you please provide me with some details about the company, such as its history, products or services, mission statement, and any other relevant information?"}, {"role": "user", "content": "ABOUT: IPSITA COMPUTERS PTE LTD, established in 1994, is a pioneering Information Technology company in Bangladesh. With over 25 years of experience, we are dedicated to setting the highest service standards in software and web application development, both locally and internationally. In 2018, we proudly earned the Quality Management System ISO-9001:2015 Certificate. Our journey began with identifying our clients' fundamental needs, automating their workflows, and providing user-friendly platforms that put information at their fingertips. We prioritize excellent customer service, addressing issues promptly, and guiding them toward a brighter technological future. Our marketing efforts take a back seat to the strong word-of-mouth referrals from our loyal, long-term clients who know, like, and trust us. As a result, we stay engaged year-round, working on diverse and mission-critical projects, including innovative solutions for government offices, educational institutions, corporations, SMEs, individuals, and foreign clients. We are active in ICT-based training, empowering students through real-life projects, helping many secure jobs or become successful freelancers. Our hardware and related product sales division has been serving clients since our inception. With five copyrighted software solutions and dedicated teams led by two directors, both alumni of the University of Dhaka, we continue to excel in delivering innovative and challenging projects across various sectors."}, {"role": "assistant", "content": "Thank you for providing that information. Here's a brief summary of IPSITA COMPUTERS PTE LTD:\n\nIPSITA COMPUTERS PTE LTD was established in 1994 and is a pioneering Information Technology company in Bangladesh. With over 25 years of experience, the company is dedicated to setting the highest service standards in software and web application development, both locally and internationally. In 2018, IPSITA earned the Quality Management System ISO-9001:2015 Certificate. The company's journey began by identifying clients' fundamental needs, automating their workflows, and providing user-friendly platforms. IPSITA prioritizes excellent customer service, addressing issues promptly, and guiding clients toward a brighter technological future. The company's marketing efforts take a back seat to strong word-of-mouth referrals from loyal, long-term clients. IPSITA is active in ICT-based training, empowering students through real-life projects. The company's hardware and related product sales division has been serving clients since its inception. IPSITA has five copyrighted software solutions and dedicated teams led by two directors. The company continues to excel in delivering innovative and challenging projects across various sectors."}, {"role": "user", "content": "Mission: Our mission is to leverage our expertise in IT to provide innovative solutions that address real-world challenges and improve the quality of life for individuals and communities."}, {"role": "assistant", "content": "Thank you for providing the mission statement of IPSITA COMPUTERS PTE LTD. Here's how it can be included in the previous summary:\n\nIPSITA COMPUTERS PTE LTD was established in 1994 and is a pioneering Information Technology company in Bangladesh. With over 25 years of experience, the company is dedicated to setting the highest service standards in software and web application development, both locally and internationally. In 2018, IPSITA earned the Quality Management System ISO-9001:2015 Certificate. The company's journey began by identifying clients' fundamental needs, automating their workflows, and providing user-friendly platforms. IPSITA prioritizes excellent customer service, addressing issues promptly, and guiding clients toward a brighter technological future. The company's marketing efforts take a back seat to strong word-of-mouth referrals from loyal, long-term clients. IPSITA is active in ICT-based training, empowering students through real-life projects. The company's hardware and related product sales division has been serving clients since its inception. IPSITA has five copyrighted software solutions and dedicated teams led by two directors. The company continues to excel in delivering innovative and challenging projects across various sectors, with a mission to leverage its expertise in IT to provide innovative solutions that address real-world challenges and improve the quality of life for individuals and communities."}, {"role": "user", "content": "Vision: To empower individuals and organizations through innovative technology solutions that enhance their lives, drive positive change, and create a better future for all."}, {"role": "assistant", "content": "Thank you for providing the vision statement of IPSITA COMPUTERS PTE LTD. Here's how it can be included in the previous summary:\n\nIPSITA COMPUTERS PTE LTD was established in 1994 and is a pioneering Information Technology company in Bangladesh. With over 25 years of experience, the company is dedicated to setting the highest service standards in software and web application development, both locally and internationally. In 2018, IPSITA earned the Quality Management System ISO-9001:2015 Certificate. The company's journey began by identifying clients' fundamental needs, automating their workflows, and providing user-friendly platforms. IPSITA prioritizes excellent customer service, addressing issues promptly, and guiding clients toward a brighter technological future. The company's marketing efforts take a back seat to strong word-of-mouth referrals from loyal, long-term clients. IPSITA is active in ICT-based training, empowering students through real-life projects. The company's hardware and related product sales division has been serving clients since its inception. IPSITA has five copyrighted software solutions and dedicated teams led by two directors. The company continues to excel in delivering innovative and challenging projects across various sectors, with a vision to empower individuals and organizations through innovative technology solutions that enhance their lives, drive positive change, and create a better future for all."}]